hello everyone in this video we're going
to pick up where we left off in Xcode
last time we showed you how to get your
project started add your images into the
resources folder and Savior your
progress at that point so now we're
going to actually start adding some
stuff to our application and getting it
to look the way we want it to so under
your resources folder there is an icon
titled whatever the name of your project
is in my case it's CSC 611 view
controller dot XIB you'll want to find
that file and double-click it and that's
going to bring up the interface builder
now Xcode is still open in the
background you can click into it you can
leave it there or you can minimize it I
like to minimize it by clicking the
little yellow minus sign be careful not
to close it just minimize it and it puts
it down here in the dock so now I can
see a little bit better what I'm working
with now interface builder has these
four windows we're not going to be
working with this first one only with
these last three we have the View window
the view attributes and if yours doesn't
look quite like this make sure you have
your top left tab clicked there are four
different tabs make sure you have the
top left one selected and then the
library window on the right make sure
objects is selected and library
so now going back into the view window
I'm going to change the background color
that will be viewed on the iPhone or
iPod touch so I'm going to click the
background color and I'm going to choose
a different color I'll go with black for
this particular application close my
color window and now I want to add some
text so over here in the library you'll
want to scroll up or down until you find
the label and now what we want to do is
click and drag from the library into the
View window so click and drag this label
into the View window and notice it
highlights it for us and drop the label
in there now if I double-click the label
it highlights it and I can edit the text
and if I not happy with what I put I can
highlight it again and add something
else if I click away from it I can now
grab it and move it around and notice
the interface builder puts these blue
guidelines that kind of help us align
things within the view window so now if
I want to make this text bigger I can
drag this box to be bigger and you'll
notice that it stayed it gets bigger but
the text is still small and I can adjust
the alignment of the text within that
box and now i can adjust the size by
adjusting the font size here in label
attributes by going up
on the arrow if it gets too big it cuts
it off so I want to be careful to only
go as far as I can alright so now I can
actually adjust this box to only hold
that text there we go so now I want to
add my image so over here in the library
I want to scroll up or down my case I
want to scroll up to find the image view
and the same thing we're going to do
we're going to drag it into the View
window so click and drag and drop it
into the View window now with that image
view box highlighted over here in our
view attributes we will click the image
field here and we'll pick the image that
we put in our resources folder my case
es e 6 11 and I can adjust the size of
this box to include more of the image
and there we go my image was a little
large you might want to go a little
smaller this one was 350 pixels by 350
you might want to stick with something
about 300 pixels wide all right so now
maybe I want to add some more text I can
scroll down add another label click and
drag into the View window double-click
to edit
and then I can move it around and again
I can adjust the size of the box and
adjust the text within
there we go so now I have text and an
image and it's looking pretty good so
now I want to save this work so far so
go to file save and in our next video
I'm going to show you how to get back
into Xcode and test your application out